https://codepen.io/rosecrowned/pen/RwGqOXv?editors=1100


<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt -->  

<!-- 

Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes.  

  

    1. What is Semantic HTML?  

	It’s a more precise naming convention than just “div” or “span”- the name generally provides 	context to what that section includes/it’s relevance (such as article, aside, nav) 

    2. What is HTML used for?  

	We use HTML to organize and structure web pages 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?  

	An attribute is an additional identifier that we use for sections of content- it can be used either 	once or multiple times depending on it’s intent. We put attributes in the starting tag of an 	element, and it will apply to everything within that element. 

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? 

	It should be used as the primary Heading for a page and ideally should appear only once per 	page 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes 

Img and button 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?  

	The metadata  

    7. What is an id?  

	An attribute that can only be used once 

    8. What elements can I add an id to?  

	As far as I can tell, any of them 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?  

	Once 

    10. What is a class?  

	An identifier with HTML that allows us to  apply specific formatting to those sections. Ideal when 	you don’t want to repeat yourself and have multiple sections or areas that will have the same 	formatting 

    11. What elements can I add a class to?  

	Just with ID, I believe it can be added to any element 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?  

	As many times as you need or want 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? 

	Give that link the target element and set it to blank (target=”_blank”) 

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?  

	Provides a description of the image, helps with screen readers and search engines 

    15. How do I reference an id? 

	#idname 

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div 

	Div should be used as a last resort where there isnt a semantic option- it's just an empty 		container BUT can be useful when wanting to wrap multiple paragraphs/elements in the same 	style. Sections are used when everything in that element are related and is not intended as a 	general use tag 

    17. What is CSS used for?  

	CSS is used to change how the webpage looks once It's displayed to the user. It’s the preferred 	formatting option over putting the style directly into the HTML as it lends to cleaner overall code 	and is easier to update/maintain 

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page 

	Simply the name of the element, a space, then an open curly bracket (then formatting then the 	closing bracket). Example: h2 { 

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each             one 

	Class can be used multiple times and ID is only applicable to a single element on the page. An 	example of a class might be “container” (as part of a div) and an id might be “title”- ID can only 	be applied to single element and it has the greatest priority- so even if an element has 		formatting from a class and an ID, the ID formatting is what will be applied and visible 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS? 

	.classname 

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? 

	p.human 

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?  

	It allows us to select all elements that are nested under another element (the parent). This is 	useful if we need to single out only elements that are nested (maybe headers in sections) 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? 

	<div class=”sidebar”>, then all the links between this and the closing tag will have that class 

    24. What is a pseudo selector? 

	It allows you to set parameters if something happens- for example: hover 

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? 

	The line-height property 

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? 

	Letter-spacing property 

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? 

	Text-transform: uppercase // or lowercase/capitalize depending on end goal 

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? 

Div { border: 1px dotted black; }  (truncated to allow for space) 

    29. How do I select everything on the page?  

	Asterisk (*) 

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? 

/* comment goes here! */ 

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?  

	pwd 

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? 

ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?  

	Rm filename – you have to be careful because this fully removes it and it cannot be restored 	(unlike deleting from the file manager which would send it to the recycle bin where it can be 	restored) 

    34. Why should I use version control?  

	Because if you make a mistake or need to go a few steps back you can easily restore the older 	version 

    35. How often should I commit to github? 

	Often, as long as nothing is broken/will cause more problems (in which case branch it then 	commit) 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?  

git push  

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.  

 	Fork the repo, close it, branch it, make the changes/add files, commit it, push it, pull it! 

Stretch Questions 

  

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? 

	Block elements take up the entire width of the screen, inline can be stacked with other elements 	on the same line 

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?  

	It's position is based on it’s ancestor (or body if there isn’t one) 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?  

	Make it inline instead of block 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default 

	Block: h1, img, p 
	inline: a, button 

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?  

	The box model puts every element into a box so that they can be easily manipulated (using 	padding, margin, border). The best bet is to use the width 

  

  

  

   --> 